---
layout: post
title:  "About Me"
date:   2019-06-03 13:24:36 +0800
categories: Bio Resume
---
**Hello! Welcome to my blog! :)** This is a space where I document and share 
 data analytics, technology related information and some real estate knowledge with data enthusiasts! Click on the *blog post title* to find out more.

```python
About Me
```
> Trained in data analytics and real estate, Jamie is experienced in the areas of Data Analytics, Market Research, Real Estate Cash Flow Analysis and Transaction Management. She has delivered scalable and data-driven projects with a focus on revenue acquisitions, feasibility studies and business process improvement to real estate consulting firms, government agency and property developer conglomerate. Jamie graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in Real Estate (Honours) from National University of Singapore and is passionate about big data analytics, data stewardship and wealth management. 


You can view my summarised resume on Linkedin **[here][linkedin-profile]**
 

#### Skills:

+ **Programming Languages**: Python, SQL - MsSQL & Transact-SQL, HTML, R
+ **Visualiation Tools**: Tableau, SAS Visual Analytics
+ **Microsoft Software**: SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS), SQL Server Integration Service (SSIS), Visual Studio, MS Flow
+ **Other Technologies**: Git, Spyder, Jupyter Notebook, R Studio, SAP HANA

```python
Contact Me
```
Feel free to contact me at [jamieqianhui@gmail.com][email-add] for anything related to data analytics and real estate! 

[linkedin-profile]: https://linkedin.com/in/jamieluqianhui/
[email-add]: jamieqianhui@gmail.com
